for more than 60 years in South st.
Petersburg the smoke from smouldering
red oak has been curing fish like
Florida mullet to Golden perfection at
Ted Peters famous smoked fish it's a
taste and a place that's never changed
since it opened in 1951 same I would say
since I was four years old like bunny
osburgh the potato salad is to die for
whose family has been loyally eating
here for generations the ownership of
this iconic open-air restaurant has
remained true to its family co-owner
Mike Lathrop is the late Ted Peters
nephew everything around here has
changed so much this is the last thing
that anchors people's memories to
something that's tangible in the way it
used to baby to a simpler time when a
young New Yorker Ted Peters moved to an
undeveloped Florida to make a living
this is our mackerel
turns out an abandoned fish smoker is
all he needed this is one of my favorite
places to have fish my fact the only
place to have smoked fish around here
for Steve backs the smoked fish and the
old Florida atmosphere has been luring
him for 50 years
Patricia elenberg has been eating here
for 60 years as a student at a nearby
law school Kalil Madani is a relative
newcomer
but it's always the same which is great
my name is ole Jax 2010 but the most
surprising diner on this day was 96 year
old Jax winnings in a Florida postcard
photographer extraordinaire ol Jack took
this postcard view of Ted Peters in 1961
I found this in my darkroom yesterday
and today we decided to come to Ted
Peters
because none of us have been here for
many many years and we decided to try a
smoked fish again and as still as good
as ever
friend of mine moved to New York City
and every now and then he'd come back
for a visit and I'd pick him up at Tampa
International and this was the first
place he wanted to hit Ted Peters for a
true taste of Florida in the smokehouse
Tim Drumright with the plane to catch
the spark where I was taking his taste
of Florida back to West Lake Michigan
Larry Ellison for a visit fly and st.
Petersburg